hi my name is Steve I'm a member of the
Texas shadow chasers a group of
paranormal investigators located in San
Angelo Texas what you're going to see in
this video is the movement of an
infrared camera by an invisible force
this occurred in September 2007 while we
were investigating a paranormal activity
reported at 330-4 West concho the San
Angelo AIDS Foundation it involves this
infrared camera as you see it here a
swan IR camera mounted onto a block of
wood for stability we had set this
camera on top of a desk much like you
see here in the video that follows
you're going to see an unoccupied room
in total darkness this camera will be
tilted forward and move to the side some
of you probably will not believe what
you've seen some of you may believe this
is a setup or a hoax that's for you to
decide all that we can tell you is that
what you're going to see occurred
actually as it was recorded on our video
thank you hey what you're observing are
two IR cameras camera 2 which is in the
office that will be flipped camera 1 is
on the other side of the door of an
office we're investigating they're both
looking at the same door camera one is
in the office examining the door that
people report opens by itself or rattles
camera 2 scene here is shooting down a
hallway to see if anything approaches
the door from the outside also this
hallway reports to be the haunt of a
woman what I'm going to do is pause the
video and apply an acetate film too
monitor to track the movement of the
doorknob since we're unable to see the
IR camera will use a fixed object to
track it based on an XY axis up or down
left or right I apply the acetate film
restart the video mark the doorknob
the camera has been flipped thank you I